README.md, before:

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/sR4wvGw.png" alt="Hasan Imam - Web Developer">

<h1>😎 Hi, I'm Hasan! <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/mGcNjsfWAjY5AEZNw6/giphy.gif" width="50">
</h1>
<img align='right' src="https://media.giphy.com/media/M9gbBd9nbDrOTu1Mqx/giphy.gif" width="230">
<p>A GenZ coding Enthusiast<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="30"> 
</em></p>

[![YouTube Channel Views](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/views/UCKkj-sW42Jj2eS6UlvbEgsA?label=IntrovertCoder)](https://www.youtube.com/introvertCoder/)
[![Instagram: introvertCoder](https://img.shields.io/badge/-introvertCoder-purple?style=flat-square&logo=Instagram&logoColor=white&link=https://www.instagram.com/introvertCoder/)](https://www.instagram.com/introvertCoder/)
[![Linkedin: introvertCoder](https://img.shields.io/badge/-introvertcoder-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/introvertcoder/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/introvertcoder/)
<img id="preview" src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=codeIntrovert&color=brightgreen">

### <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/VgCDAzcKvsR6OM0uWg/giphy.gif" width="50"> A little more about me...

```javascript
const Hasan = {
  pronouns: "he" | "him",
  code: [Javascript, ReactJs, Sass, Python, Java, Ruby],
  tools: [React, Py - Flask, Jinja, Node, Sass, RubyJekyll],
  pipeLine: ["MERN", "Django", "OpenSource Experience"],
  hobbies:["Designing UI Mockups", "Cycling", "Watching Cat Videos 🥰"]
};
```

### 💖 Quote Of the Day

```html
Updates Dynamically Every Day :)

<!-- QUOTE_START -->

"As a bookish child in Calcutta, I used to thrill to the adventures of bad girls whose pursuit of happiness swept them outside the bounds of social decency. Tess of the d'Urbervilles, Emma Bovary and Anna Karenina lived large in my imagination. The naughty girls of Hollywood films flirted and knew how to drive." - Bharati Mukherjee

<!-- QUOTE_END -->
```
### 🪛 Toolkit
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white">  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white">  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white "> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-430098?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white">


<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/LnQjpWaON8nhr21vNW/giphy.gif" width="60"> <em><b>I love connecting with different people</b> so if you want to say <b>hi, I'll be happy to meet you more!</b> :)</em>

---

Commit message:

changed API Endpoint to zenquotes.io

README.md, after:

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/sR4wvGw.png" alt="Hasan Imam - Web Developer">

<h1>😎 Hi, I'm Hasan! <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/mGcNjsfWAjY5AEZNw6/giphy.gif" width="50">
</h1>
<img align='right' src="https://media.giphy.com/media/M9gbBd9nbDrOTu1Mqx/giphy.gif" width="230">
<p>A GenZ coding Enthusiast<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="30"> 
</em></p>

[![YouTube Channel Views](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/views/UCKkj-sW42Jj2eS6UlvbEgsA?label=IntrovertCoder)](https://www.youtube.com/introvertCoder/)
[![Instagram: introvertCoder](https://img.shields.io/badge/-introvertCoder-purple?style=flat-square&logo=Instagram&logoColor=white&link=https://www.instagram.com/introvertCoder/)](https://www.instagram.com/introvertCoder/)
[![Linkedin: introvertCoder](https://img.shields.io/badge/-introvertcoder-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/introvertcoder/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/introvertcoder/)
<img id="preview" src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=codeIntrovert&color=brightgreen">

### <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/VgCDAzcKvsR6OM0uWg/giphy.gif" width="50"> A little more about me...

```javascript
const Hasan = {
  pronouns: "he" | "him",
  code: [Javascript, ReactJs, Sass, Python, Java, Ruby],
  tools: [React, Py - Flask, Jinja, Node, Sass, RubyJekyll],
  pipeLine: ["MERN", "Django", "OpenSource Experience"],
  hobbies:["Designing UI Mockups", "Cycling", "Watching Cat Videos 🥰"]
};
```

### 💖 Quote Of the Day

```python
Updates Dynamically Every Day :)

# Quote Of the day

"As a bookish child in Calcutta, I used to thrill to the adventures of bad girls whose pursuit of happiness swept them outside the bounds of social decency. Tess of the d'Urbervilles, Emma Bovary and Anna Karenina lived large in my imagination. The naughty girls of Hollywood films flirted and knew how to drive." - Bharati Mukherjee

# Powered By zenquotes.io
```
### 🪛 Toolkit
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white">  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white">  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white "> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-430098?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white">


<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/LnQjpWaON8nhr21vNW/giphy.gif" width="60"> <em><b>I love connecting with different people</b> so if you want to say <b>hi, I'll be happy to meet you more!</b> :)</em>

---
